**Angelica Archangelica Extract Market Growth, Size, Share, Trends,
Statistics Analysis Report By Type, By Application, By Region, and
Forecasts 2022-2032**

The Angelica archangelica extract market is experiencing robust growth,
driven by a convergence of factors including rising consumer interest in
natural remedies, increasing awareness of herbal benefits, and the
expanding applications of Angelica archangelica in various industries.
This market segment centers on the extraction and utilization of
compounds derived from the Angelica archangelica plant, also known as
garden angelica or wild celery.

**For Further Information Regarding this Report: Request a Free Sample**

<https://thedatahorizzon.com/download-sample/?rid=502309>

One of the key drivers of this market is the growing preference for
natural and organic products. Angelica archangelica extract, renowned
for its medicinal and therapeutic properties, is witnessing heightened
demand across pharmaceuticals, skincare, and the food and beverage
sectors. Consumers are increasingly drawn to its purported health
benefits, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and digestive
properties, propelling its integration into diverse products.

The pharmaceutical industry is a primary beneficiary of Angelica
archangelica extract due to its traditional medicinal uses. The plant
extract is rich in bioactive compounds believed to offer various health
advantages, such as alleviating digestive issues, reducing menstrual
discomfort, and potentially aiding in respiratory health. As research
continues to explore its medicinal potential, the pharmaceutical sector
is likely to see further integration of Angelica archangelica extract
into new treatments and remedies.

In the realm of skincare and cosmetics, the extract's antioxidant and
anti-inflammatory properties have garnered significant attention.
Companies are harnessing these attributes to develop natural skincare
solutions, aiming to address concerns such as skin aging, inflammation,
and UV damage. This trend aligns with the rising consumer demand for
clean, sustainable, and plant-based skincare products, bolstering the
extract's market presence in this sector.

Furthermore, the food and beverage industry is incorporating Angelica
archangelica extract into various products, capitalizing on its unique
flavor profile and potential health benefits. From herbal teas and
alcoholic beverages to gourmet foods, the extract is finding its way
into culinary creations, appealing to consumers seeking novel flavors
and functional ingredients in their consumables.

**For Further Information Regarding this Report: Ask for Discount**

<https://thedatahorizzon.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=502309>

**Segments Covered in the Angelica Archangelica Extract Market Report:**

This report forecasts revenue growth at global, regional, and country
levels and offers an analysis of latest industry developments in each of
the sub-segments from 2018 to 2032.

**Global Angelica Archangelica Extract Market, By Type**

-   

-   1:10 Extraction

-   1:20 Extraction

-   1:30 Extraction

-   Others

**Global Angelica Archangelica Extract Market, By Application**

-   

-   Personal Care Products

-   Cosmetics

-   Others

**Want to change the report scope? Need Customization?**

<https://thedatahorizzon.com/need-customization/?rid=502309>

Despite its promising trajectory, the Angelica archangelica extract
market faces challenges related to supply chain constraints, as the
plant's cultivation can be geographically specific and subject to
environmental factors. Ensuring a consistent and reliable supply of
high-quality raw material remains a concern for industry players.

Nevertheless, this challenge also presents opportunities for innovation
in cultivation techniques and sustainable sourcing practices. Efforts to
cultivate Angelica archangelica in controlled environments or explore
cultivation in new regions could mitigate supply chain risks and expand
market access.

Martin Bauer Group: This company is known for its expertise in botanical
extracts, including herbs and teas. They may be involved in the
production of Angelica archangelica extract.

Naturex (a Givaudan company): Naturex, now part of Givaudan, is a major
player in the natural ingredients and botanical extracts industry. They
may offer a range of plant extracts, including those from Angelica
archangelica.

Indena S.p.A.: Indena is a leading global company in the field of
botanical extracts and natural active ingredients. They focus on the
pharmaceutical, health food, and personal care industries.

Frutarom (now part of IFF - International Flavors & Fragrances):
Frutarom, before its acquisition by IFF, was known for its flavors and
natural specialty fine ingredients. They might have been involved in
producing extracts from various plants.

Euromed S.A.: Euromed is a company specializing in the production of
standardized herbal extracts for the pharmaceutical and health food
industries. While their focus extends to various herbs, they might also
be involved in Angelica archangelica extract.

Overall, the Angelica archangelica extract market is poised for
sustained growth, driven by evolving consumer preferences for natural
remedies and functional ingredients across multiple industries.
Continued research and development, coupled with strategic
collaborations, are expected to fuel advancements in product offerings,
paving the way for a thriving market landscape.

Angelica archangelica extract market**: Regional Insights**

· North America

-   U.S.

-   Canada

· Europe

-   UK

-   Germany

-   France

-   Rest of Europe

· Asia Pacific

-   China

-   Japan

-   South Korea

-   India

-   Rest of Asia Pacific

· Latin America

-   Brazil

-   Mexico

-   Rest of Latin America

· Middle East & Africa

-   UAE

-   Saudi Arabia

-   South Africa

-   Rest of Middle East & Africa

**Read More:**
<https://thedatahorizzon.com/product/angelica-archangelica-extract/>

**About DataHorizzon Research:**

DataHorizzon is a market research and advisory company that assists
organizations across the globe in formulating growth strategies for
changing business dynamics. Its offerings include consulting services
across enterprises and business insights to make actionable decisions.
DHR’s comprehensive research methodology for predicting long-term and
sustainable trends in the market facilitates complex decisions for
organizations.

**Contact:**

**Mail:** <sales@datahorizzonresearch.com>

**Ph:** +1–970–672–0390

**Website:** <https://thedatahorizzon.com/>
