**Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market Growth, Size, Share, Trends,
Statistics Analysis Report By Type, By Application, By Region, and
Forecasts 2022-2032**

**Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate (DLG)** is a key ingredient in the personal
care and cosmetics industry, renowned for its mildness and high
cleansing efficacy. Its market has witnessed robust growth owing to
rising consumer demand for natural, sustainable, and mild skincare
products. The global DLG market has experienced a steady surge in recent
years, driven by evolving consumer preferences towards eco-friendly and
gentle ingredients.

**For Further Information Regarding this Report: Request a Free Sample**

**<https://thedatahorizzon.com/download-sample/?rid=505114>**

**Market Overview:**

The DLG market has seen substantial growth, primarily due to increasing
awareness about the adverse effects of harsh chemicals in skincare
products. DLG's natural origin, coupled with its excellent foaming and
cleansing properties, has positioned it as a favored ingredient in
various personal care products. The market growth is further fueled by a
surge in demand for sulfate-free and mild surfactants in skincare and
haircare products.

Asia-Pacific dominates the DLG market, led by countries like Japan,
China, and South Korea, owing to the thriving cosmetics industry and
consumer inclination towards innovative skincare solutions. North
America and Europe follow suit due to the rising trend of natural and
organic personal care products among consumers.

The market's expansion is not only driven by demand from established
cosmetics manufacturers but also by the emergence of niche players
focusing on organic and sustainable product offerings. Factors such as
increased disposable income, urbanization, and changing lifestyle
preferences continue to propel the DLG market forward.

**Segments Covered in the Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market Report:**

This report forecasts revenue growth at global, regional, and country
levels and offers an analysis of latest industry developments in each of
the sub-segments from 2018 to 2032.

**Global Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market, By Type**

-   

-   Liquid

-   Solid

**Global Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market, By Application**

-   

-   Shower

-   Shampoo

-   Cleanser

-   Others

**Want to change the report scope? Need Customization?**

**<https://thedatahorizzon.com/need-customization/?rid=505114>**

**Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market Top 5 Players Analysis:**

**Ajinomoto Group**: As a pioneer in amino acid technology, Ajinomoto
has a strong foothold in the DLG market. Their focus on research and
development has enabled them to offer high-quality DLG products catering
to various applications in the cosmetics and personal care industry.

**Sino Lion (USA):** Sino Lion's expertise lies in providing innovative
and eco-friendly surfactants. They have established themselves as a
significant player in the DLG market, offering a wide range of DLG-based
products known for their mildness and skin-friendly attributes.

**Solvay:** Solvay's diversified product portfolio includes DLG
formulations tailored for different skincare and haircare applications.
Their commitment to sustainability and technological advancements
positions them as a key player in the global DLG market.

**BASF SE:** With a focus on sustainable solutions, BASF SE has made
significant strides in the DLG market. Their emphasis on research and
development to enhance product efficiency and sustainability has earned
them a prominent position among DLG manufacturers.

**Taiwan NJC Corporation:** Known for its high-quality DLG offerings,
Taiwan NJC Corporation has gained recognition for providing customized
DLG solutions catering to the specific needs of cosmetics and personal
care product manufacturers.

These top players in the DLG market continue to invest in research and
development to innovate and meet the evolving demands of consumers for
mild, natural, and sustainable personal care ingredients.
Collaborations, mergers, and acquisitions within the industry are
expected to further drive market growth and innovation in the coming
years.

**For Further Information Regarding this Report: Ask for Discount**

**<https://thedatahorizzon.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=505114>**

**Disodium Lauroyl Glutamate Market: Regional Insights**

North America

-   U.S.

-   Canada

Europe

-   UK

-   Germany

-   France

-   Rest of Europe

Asia Pacific

-   China

-   Japan

-   South Korea

-   India

-   Rest of Asia Pacific

Latin America

-   Brazil

-   Mexico

-   Rest of Latin America

Middle East & Africa

-   UAE

-   Saudi Arabia

-   South Africa

-   Rest of Middle East & Africa

**Read More:
<https://thedatahorizzon.com/product/disodium-lauroyl-glutamate/>**

**About DataHorizzon Research:**

DataHorizzon is a market research and advisory company that assists
organizations across the globe in formulating growth strategies for
changing business dynamics. Its offerings include consulting services
across enterprises and business insights to make actionable decisions.
DHR’s comprehensive research methodology for predicting long-term and
sustainable trends in the market facilitates complex decisions for
organizations.

**Contact:**

**Mail: <sales@datahorizzonresearch.com>**

**Ph:** **+1–970–672–0390**

**Website:**
[**https://thedatahorizzon.com/**](https://thedatahorizzon.com/)
